Format /web/css using Prettier (#24055)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/clip/index.md

```html
<p class="dotted-border">

>   <img src="macarons.png" title="Original graphic" />
>   <img id="top-left" src="macarons.png" title="Graphic clipped to upper left" />
>   <img id="middle" src="macarons.png" title="Graphic clipped towards middle" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="macarons.png" alt="Original graphic of macarons" />
  <img id="top-left" src="macarons.png" alt="Graphic clipped to upper left" />
  <img id="middle" src="macarons.png" alt="Graphic clipped towards middle" />
```

Author: Deferred to #24135.
